---
layout: post
title: "What's Up" 
date:   2016-09-28 19:03:30 +0530
categories: life 
unfinished: false
---

Here I am looking at this blank screen and anxious about how to start this
post. There. I have started it. uff. A load off my back. "So, what's this
post about?", my imaginary reader asks and I respond, "I don't know. Just 
going with the flow here. Please bear with me" and as he is created out of
my imagination, he obliges. 

In Jan 2016 I dropped out of college. I still got my bachelor's degree, but 
no master's. After that I mucked about in a startup as an intern which didn't
workout. I was too immature and laid back to get accustomed to a 9-5 routine.
Then I went home, stayed with my parents for a couple of months. In June I
joined a startup as a full time employee. It's september now and It has been
three months since I started working here. I am right now in a position where
losing my job in October is a very real possibility. I won't go into the details,
suffice it to say I messed up. I am not even sure I did the wrong thing. There 
is just a real possibility for my life to go through a big change in the coming
month. 

So I have decided to run a small experiment. I will work like others and have
a 9-5 routine and see if I am happy. It has been 11 days since the start of 
experiment. 

|------------+-----------------|
| Day        | Feel            |
|:----------:|:---------------:|
| Friday     | gen happy       |
|------------|-----------------|
| Saturday   | happy           |
|------------|-----------------|
| Sunday     | happy * happy   |
|------------|-----------------|
| Monday     | peace + content |
|------------|-----------------|
| Tuesday    | neutral         |
|------------|-----------------|
| Wednesday  | mild bad day    |
|------------|-----------------|
| Thursday   | happy           |
##|------------|-----------------|
| Friday     | happy           |
|------------|-----------------|
| Saturday   | neutral         |
|------------|-----------------|
| Sunday     | peace * peace   |
|------------|-----------------|
| Monday     | bad day         |
|------------+-----------------| 

The results so far indicate that I should work here for some more time, but
I am gonna wait till the end of the month before making that decision. 

## Love Pangs
Even If my routine here makes me happy, I have to think about my girlfriend.
I am pretty sure I will be more happy if the both of us live in the same
city. 

## Father and Mother
My dad wants me to work as you can probably guess. He just wants a normal son,
I think. Every time I say that I am gonna quit and just start farming or something,
he carefully steps around it and talks about something else. clever guy. My mom is more
assertive in telling me to work. 

## Friends
I have all my friends here in mumbai. So If I move to bangalore, I will miss
them. That's a pretty big sacrifice which I 'll have to think more about. 

#### update - november 12

I am still working for that startup. I haven't quit. I have given up hope
on this post. This won't help me reach a conclusive decision. So, bye.